hey so I can I just want to be like a
little update right now I'm going to go
to Maddie's room because she was staying
with us but then her dad came surprised
with her sister her sisters in college
so now they have their own room and so
yeah I'm going to go to them and then
we're going to go back to the convention
center here in Anaheim and then we're
going to practice since we lost that one
girl because she got a concussion so
yeah um can you see my face now you can
buy okay it is day two and we are ready
to compete today we have some cheese
cakes from the cheesecake factory and
friday fudges it's a party so now we are
just getting ready you can't even see me
there we go now we're getting ready to
go to breakfast with our daddies and
then we're going to watch the youth team
compete so we're not in our actual
uniforms obviously yeah we didn't know
what she just said that's okay we have
these little signs they're our teen moms
made us and good luck from NGA thank you
NGA that um whoever did this scribbly is
not from our team or that inappropriate
hey so I just wanted an update it's
still saturday and we are going to watch
our other team so we have an eighth team
a junior to me and the senior team and
our youth no our youth in senior hub god
and now our junior team is going and
it's around its 632 right now so yeah I
said my hair up with my bow again a poof
and a tough up and my hair's gone very
long it's like to hear so that's what
we're doing right now
um hopefully they do good we didn't do
as good as we could today so like
tomorrow will amp it up tomorrow is
two-thirds of our score so yeah I'm
pretty excited tell you the truth so
yeah Oh catch up with you later hey
we're on our way to Maggie's really now
go cheap all right don't forget to take
them the wall the halls of Belton were
so exciting
look they have the same name as I do
good name okay so now we're gonna go
watch juniors right Manny yep yep we're
excited for them we're going the wrong
way that would have been bad okay so
tell me angry need to go down there we
go cuz I've grown up good so hopefully
have you'll did good today that's what
we're hoping she fell in our routine
she's gonna kill herself which is bad
because we need her for tomorrow so
teammates okay so we'll just check up
with you later hey so I just want to
update you um it's Sunday today and so
today we are going to compete again it's
a two-day competition and today our
performance is worth two thirds and
yesterday it was worth one third so we
can really do a lot better today and
it'll actually count more so hopefully
that's the plan so right now I just ate
breakfast with my daddio and we're gonna
go watch the youth team again so that's
pretty much what's happening so here let
me show you I'm good hey so I'm just
wearing my warm-ups and then my
flip-flops thats a HD on them with my
colored toes so yeah and I had nail
polish on them but I took it off because
yeah so and then I'm just wearing my
boat a poof in my hair down so yeah
that's pretty much it so i guess i will
just update you guys keep updating
obviously um alright so now we're going
back and where
okay you don't need to cheat oh good
thinking bad time okay word lamo and we
just got pooed Barry
yes
it's really good at a charm I'm well
see you're never to fall city careful
okay so now we are going home we did the
best we could and we had fun and that's
really all that counts so here we go bye
you